Community
We want to maintain HOLALA as a fun and safe place for all our users. Therefore, please take a moment to read our community rules below. Users who violate these rules will be banished from HOLALA for eternity.

Use Real Info
Please make sure to enter the correct age and gender for your profile. HOLALA uses its unique algorithm to match you to another user whom we think both of you will have a great time matching with. By lying about your age and gender, it will bring an unfair and unpleasant HOLALA experience for others. If discovered, our system has the right to automatically correct the information for you. Please help report users that appear to have the incorrect information for our team to review. Users under the age of 18 is not allowed on our platform.

Use Appropriate Photos
Please use appropriate and non-offensive profile photos that does not contain violence, nudity, or offensive/discriminating imagery. If found to be inappropriate, we will remove your photo immediately to protect other users in the HOLALA community.

Be Polite
HOLALA has a zero tolerance policy when it comes to cyberbullying. Cyberbullying includes, but is not limited to, any action taken to offend another user through the use of inappropriate behavior, nudity, violence, profanity, racism, sexism, threats, illegal actions, and so on. Any users engaging in such a behavior will be banned for eternity on HOLALA, no questions asked. Be warned, any actions that need to be forwarded to the authorities will be reported immediately.

Please help us make HOLALA an awesome community by reporting any user that may be conducting cyberbullying. You can use the report button on the upper right of the video chat screen and the user profile screen. Once reported, the user is blocked from harassing you forever, and will be reviewed by our team immediately.

Be Nice
Everyone enjoys a nice conversation, so smile lots and don’t offend. Keep insults to yourself, and think about how awesome the other user is. Shower them with compliments, and they will compliment back. Hey, it’s a two-way street okay? Trust us, it works.

Have Empathy
We all have our good days and bad days, and we all have one of those moments where we want to talk to someone. That’s why we created HOLALA in the first place so we can find someone to talk anytime anywhere! So please be mindful of other people’s feelings, be there for them, and if you think someone on HOLALA is feeling extra stress or anxiety and needs to talk to a professional, or may be trying to inflict self-harm, please let us know ASAP. We want to make sure HOLALA is a safe haven for all.

Be Courteous
Please don’t take screenshots or videos of other users without their consent. We’re sure that you wouldn’t want the same to happen to you. If for any reason a user’s privacy rights have been violated, the violator may be punished to the full extent of the law.

Age Restriction
Please note that there is an age restriction on HOLALA. Users under the age of 18 cannot create an account with HOLALA and is not allowed on the platform. Please respect our community rules and help us monitor/report any underage users. HOLALA has the right to ban and delete any underage user accounts.

Contact us
IG: 
FB: 
Email: rifcode39@gmail.com