Community
What is HOLALA?
HOLALA is the coolest new social app that allows users to instantly meet fun people from all over the world! With one tap, you are instantly matched with one of the 7 billion beautiful souls on this planet to start a video chat. Our mission is to connect fun and interesting people to each other, breaking down geographic boundaries and allowing them to meet and greet in seconds, create new friendships worldwide. Enjoy!

How does HOLALA keep its community safe?
HOLALA utilizes AI visual recognition software to monitor its community 24/7 to ensure HOLALA stays fun and safe for all users. The software algorithm automatically scans for inappropriate behavior (violence and nudity) on our platform and immediately bans any user with suspicious behavior. The AI software also conducts automated machine learning to improve its efficiency at identifying inappropriate users. We also combine the automated AI software with a team of human (not seals) moderators that reviews all banned and flagged activities in real time. We take the safety of our community very seriously and will ban any user that has been proven to be violating our community rules. For specifics on our community rules, please read the Community Rules section above.

Is there an age restriction on HOLALA?
Users under the age of 18 is not allowed on HOLALA in order to protect the safety of underage users. So if you are under 18, please don’t try to create an account on HOLALA. If discovered, we have the right to ban and delete any underage user accounts.

Can I change my match preferences?
You can tailor your matches by using our match preference function at the top of the main page. From the drop down menu you can select the match gender, language, as well as enabling/disabling the ACCEPT function. By disabling the ACCEPT function, you get much faster matches, but less control over who you match with.

Remember, you need gems to use the gender selection function. You can get gems easily by exchanging them for FREE or purchasing them from the HOLALA store. For info on free gems, please see the "How do I get free gems?" section below.

How do I add new friends on HOLALA?
During video chat with another user, both users are able to send each other a friend request by tapping the add friend icon below the other user’s profile photo. Once sent, a request confirmation will be shown on the other user's screen for confirmation. If the other user confirms the friend request, you are now friends and can video chat for free anytime anywhere!

If both users forget to send a friend request during the chat, you can send a private message to the other user in the "My Recent Matches" section on the Chat Page for 100 gems. This also serves as a friend request, and if the other user accepts, you two will now be friends! Gems are setup to prevent an overwhelming amount of unwanted messages from too many users.

How do I get free gems?
You can get FREE gems by 2 ways:

- Inviting friends to HOLALA:You will receive the gems AFTER your friends join HOLALA by either Facebook or phone number, and our system will automatically link you as friends. After your friend stays active for a few matches, you will be rewarded with the gems! For each friend that joins HOLALA you will be rewarded 20 gems! MONEYYY!!!
- Redeeming with "Smiles": You can collect "Smiles" during your video chats by smiling at the camera or have the other user send you a "Smile" by tapping the "Smile" button on the bottom right of the screen. To redeem for gems, simply go to the “Me” page and tap on the section "Get Free Gems." Remember, the more smiles you have, the more gems you get, so be nice and smile!
I invited my friends to join but did not receive any gems, why?
You will receive the gems once your friend joins HOLALA and signs in by either Facebook or phone number and successfully matches with a few people to become an official active user. If you still did not receive the gems.

Can I select a specific language to match with?
Yes! Simply go to the match preferences drop down menu at the top of the main discovery page and you can choose the language you wish to match with. Remember, this is simply a priority selection, you may still match with users in other languages if our match algorithm thinks you two are a perfect match!

What do I do when I see offensive behavior?
The HOLALA community is filled with awesome and fun people from all over the world. Unfortunately there are still a few weirdos out there and we sincerely apologize if you encounter one of these rare creatures of the night. We have a very strict visual auto-detection AI recognition algorithm set up 24/7 trying to contain these beasts. However they are quite fickle and we sometimes miss one or two, so we ask all HOLALA users to join our fight against indecency and help us maintain the HOLALA Community as a fun and safe haven for all by using the report button. Those who are reported are reviewed instantly and banished into the wilderness if found guilty. Those who walk the borderline will have their account flagged, and will have a much harder time matching with high quality users on HOLALA. 

I keep getting skipped, what do I do?
We all have our preferences, we get that, so no worries! There are millions of users on HOLALA and you are bound to find the perfect match soon enough! We do have suggestions for you to quicken that process. We highly recommend starting the conversation with a joke or a funny face, or think of something creative that will capture the other person's attention immediately. If you have some hidden talents, don't be shy and bust it out! We have quite a few hidden magicians and American Idol's within the HOLALA community! So be creative and break that ice!

I got something to tell the HOLALA team, where do I go?
Since the launch of HOLALA just a few months ago, we have received so much love and so many awesome recommendations from our users that we feel truly blessed to have the opportunity of creating HOLALA.  We strongly believe our users are the foundation of our product, thus we love to hear any opinions or suggestions on how to further improve HOLALA.  Just shoot us an email at rifcode39@gmail.com and we will get back to you as soon as we can!

For any problems that you may encounter on HOLALA, please be specific and attach screenshots when appropriate to help us better locate the problems. We ask all to be patient with our response time, we are a small team of 5 magical elves slaving away 24/7 in the development dungeon, and we promise to reply back as soon as we can. 

We want to thank each and every one of our users for giving HOLALA a chance.  We promise to never stop improving your HOLALA experience, bringing more and more fun and magical new features in the very near future.  We hope you will continue to enjoy HOLALA! Now put on that smile and get ready to meet someone awesome!