

PRIVACY POLICY :
Welcome to MITO’s Privacy Policy. Thank you for taking the time to read it.

We appreciate that you trust us with your information and we intend to always keep that trust. 
This starts with making sure you understand the information we collect, why we collect it, how it is used and your choices regarding your information. This Policy describes our privacy practices in plain language, keeping legal and technical jargon to a minimum.

1. WHERE THIS PRIVACY POLICY APPLIES
2. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
3. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
4. PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES
5. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
6. Eligibility
7. Sign up
8. HOW TO CONTACT US


1. WHERE THIS PRIVACY POLICY APPLIES :

This Privacy Policy applies to websites, apps, events and other services operated by MITO. For simplicity, we refer to all of these as our “services” in this Privacy Policy. To make it extra clear, we’ve added links to this Privacy Policy on all applicable services.
Some services may require their own unique privacy policy. If a particular service has its own privacy policy, then that policy -- not this Privacy Policy -- applies.

2. INFORMATION WE COLLECT :
It goes without saying, we can’t help you develop meaningful connections without some information about you, such as basic profile details and the types of people you’d like to meet. We also collect information generated as you use our services, for example access logs, as well as information from third parties, like when you access our services through a social media account. If you want additional info, we go into more detail below.

Information you give us
You choose to give us certain information when using our services. This includes:
When you create an account, you provide us with at least your login credentials, as well as some basic details necessary for the service to work, such as your gender and date of birth.

When you complete your profile, you can share with us additional information, such as details on your personality, lifestyle, interests and other details about you, as well as content such as photos and videos. To add certain content, like pictures or videos, you may allow us to access your camera or photo album. Some of the information you choose to provide us may be considered “special” or “sensitive” in certain jurisdictions, for example your racial or ethnic origins, sexual orientation and religious beliefs. By choosing to provide this information, you consent to our processing of that information.

When you participate in surveys or focus groups, you give us your insights into our products and services, responses to our questions and testimonials.

When you choose to participate in our promotions, events or contests, we collect the information that you use to register or enter.

If you contact our customer care team, we collect the information you give us during the interaction. Sometimes, we monitor or record these interactions for training purposes and to ensure a high quality of service.

If you ask us to communicate with or otherwise process information of other people (for example, if you ask us to send an email on your behalf to one of your friends), we collect the information about others that you give us in order to complete your request.
Of course, we also process your chats with other users as well as the content you publish, as part of the operation of the services.

Information we receive from others :
In addition to the information you provide us directly, we receive information about you from others, including:

Information collected when you use our services :
When you use our services, we collect information about which features you’ve used, how you’ve used them and the devices you use to access our services. See below for more details:

Usage Information :
We collect information about your activity on our services, for instance how you use them (e.g., date and time you logged in, features you’ve been using, searches, clicks and pages which have been shown to you, referring webpage address, advertising that you click on) and how you interact with other users (e.g., users you connect and interact with, time and date of your exchanges, number of messages you send and receive).

Device information :
We collect information from and about the device(s) you use to access our services, including:

hardware and software information such as IP address, device ID and type, device-specific and apps settings and characteristics, app crashes, version and language, operating system, time zones, identifiers associated with cookies or other technologies that may uniquely identify your device

information on your wireless and mobile network connection, like your service provider and signal strength;

information on device sensors such as accelerometers, gyroscopes and compasses.

Other information with your consent :
If you give us permission, we can collect your precise geolocation (latitude and longitude) through various means, depending on the service and device you’re using, including GPS, Wi-Fi connections. The collection of your geolocation may occur in the background even when you aren’t using the services if the permission you gave us expressly permits such collection. If you decline permission for us to collect your geolocation, we will not collect it.

Similarly, if you consent, we may collect your photos and videos (for instance, if you want to publish a photo).

3. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION :
We work hard to protect you from unauthorized access to or alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information. As with all technology companies, although we take steps to secure your information, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information will always remain secure.

We regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks and regularly review our information collection, storage and processing practices to update our physical, technical and organizational security measures.

4. PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES :
Because we’re always looking for new and innovative ways to help you build meaningful connections, this policy may change over time. 

We will notify you before any material changes take effect so that you have time to review the changes.

5. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY :
Our services are restricted to users who are 18 years of age or older. 

We do not permit users under the age of 18 on our platform and we do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of 18. If you suspect that a user is under the age of 18, please use the reporting mechanism available through the service.


6. Eligibility :
By creating an account and using the Service, you represent and warrant that:

* you must be at least 18 years of age to create an account on MITO and use the Service.
* Prevents exchange of phone numbers or external links.
* Prevents call request outside application.
* Prevents insulting or cursing in conversation.
* Prevents viewing of pornographic images.
* Application is not for the application of fun marriage or customary marriage.
* The application is not to request a so-called temporary marriage.
* Inappropriate Photos.
* User is Underage.
* Spams.
* Don't use fake photos.
* Don't use offensive words during conversations.

7. Sign up :
Before Sign Up, Do you agree to Terms and Conditions, Eligibility ?

* Don't use symbols or numbers in username.
* Don't accept user under 18.
* This age isn't available. above 70.
* Username should be at least 6 characters.
* Password should be at least 6 characters.
* All entries should be not empty.
* Don't use random username.
* All informations should be real.

Any violation leading to the prohibition of your membership without warning.

8. HOW TO CONTACT US :

If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, here’s how you can reach us:
detechsoftware26@gmail.com


